well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so a sixth grade student in Polk
County Florida going to the Walton
child's middle academy was arrested
after refusing to stand for the Pledge
of Allegiance now I should say before we
get into this all of this is preliminary
these are initial reports normally I
have my own little sneaky methods of
getting to the root of the issue in this
case the the victim is a minor and for
once everybody's doing what they're
supposed to nobody's talking so some of
this may change as more information
comes out about what happened but at the
end of the day it appears he was charged
with disrupting a school function and
resisting arrest without violence okay
so by public accounts of what we know
there's a substitute teacher at the
school he didn't stand she asked him why
he told her that he felt the flag was
racist and her flag was flag and
national anthem or racist something
along those lines from there she asked
him why he came there we can only infer
from the quotes that he is not was not
born in the US and he says well they
brought me here and she tells him he
could always go back to wherever he came
from something along those lines Wow
so she eventually calls the school
office the school administrator shows up
and asks him to leave 20 times according
to reports then the cops show and arrest
him
okay so this is subtle law students do
not shed their constitutional rights at
the schoolhouse gate tinker versus Des
Moines this this is already settled he
had a right to not stand for the pledge
that's it's it's protected he doesn't
have to now taker Des Moines what it
says is basically as long as the protest
is not causing a disruption it is
protected fair enough but he was charged
with disrupting the school function the
problem is it wasn't the protest that
disrupted the function him sitting there
did nothing that doesn't stop the
educational process at all the teacher
engaging in this conversation and then
proceeding to attempt to coerce a pledge
out of him
that's what disrupted the educational
process so anything beyond that point
he's defending his rights he's defending
his constitutionally protected rights
maybe he did get loud maybe he didn't
comply he didn't have to he didn't have
to you know you want this kid to say
pledge to the Republic why the Republic
is showing no allegiance to him
there's nothing worse than this you know
in simple contract law and that's what a
pledge is if a contract is coerced or
forced it's meaningless indoctrinating
kids creates national it's not patriots
and that's what we've run into here
today because when the administrator
found out what had happened in that
classroom and when a teacher tells a
student basically he can always go back
who really should have been asked to
leave that classroom the kid or the
teacher it's funny because school board
has now said that well she won't be
working with him anymore
she won't be teaching in the district
they know she was wrong they know it
this kid is still facing misdemeanor
charges and I know it's a misdemeanor
big deal he's a juvenile doesn't matter
doesn't matter his rights were violated
by a government employee that teacher
worked for the government was trying to
coerce a pledge out of it to what it
appears otherwise I mean what's the
appropriate response you're not gonna
stand up okay doesn't seem like what
happened the police department that
arrests him was late Lakeland PD now
again the charges disrupting a school
function defending his constitutionally
protected rights resisting arrest
without violence defending his
constitutionally protected rights these
charges need to be dropped immediately
there's no sense in this not
if there is not an outcry to defend this
kid what's there left to pledge
allegiance to really anyway it's just a
thought now I have a good night